do you think yes I was extremely pleased
I loved all the games for people that
were so interactive with all of our
guests in it made her all brought the
mood up and captive we didn't even
expect it to be that good and would you
guys recommend Pro sown and late to a
friend that's getting married absolutely
for sure we thought we were gonna do a
lot of bad but the pros on tonight
worked out perfect I mean they did a
really great job and we're interactive
with everybody so really a lot more than
what we're expecting we really just
expect you know just for basic DJ but
the stuff we asked you to do went way
beyond what we wanted
everything we wanted was played and yeah
a bunch of different games were planned
the scavenger hunt was and then how the
garter toss the bouquet toss forgot that
was I've never seen it done like that so
it was a lot I had fun and I thought I
was going to dress yeah so there is not
one unhappy person here all right
what was your favorite part of the
evening so I thought dancing down the
line now was originally an idea by me I
hesitantly agreed thank you
you